Hacking-Operation Overview

This is the overview of the plan regarding one set of "vectors" in the hacking, computer science field. The system of the hacking field revolves around 3 main categories of vectors. The first vector is the "propagation vector;" the propagation vector is the method in which the hack is performed (this includes the exploits, vulnerabilities, etc.). The second vector is the "core program" vector; this is the main program that acts as the interface for the various hacks, being the connection between the first and third vectors. The core program is the executable program file that is installed on the target computer(s) via the first vector, and that interacts with the third vector by communicating with the server and managing the other programs it installs. The third vector is the central server as well as any programs that are installed on hacked computers that contain the core program. The third vector creates and manages the value/profit gained from the hack. Each individual hacking operation is a set (combination) of multiple vectors from all three categories. [how vectors can be used after the inital hacking operations there were used in]. The hacking operations are part of the computer-science field, and are a method of aiding the procurement of Umbran advancement and dominance, as well as creating more omnipotence, omniscience, and omnipresence (these are also achieved through the individual hacking-operating discussed in this document). This is the overview of one of the hacking operations, and the vectors that were created and used for it. The main, general, end goal of the hacking operation is to install spyware on the mobile phones (the large majority of which have modern iPhone hardware with modern iOS operating system) of the targets, which are the students of Peninsula High School. Other opportunities for control and profit are to be used along the way (mainly using each "point" in the "island hopping" method/strategy). The first, main method of achieving the end goal is an "island-hopping" strategy similar to the privilege-escalation method, where control of multiple things are gained, using each newly-gained instance of control/power to achieve the next instance, "hopping from island-to-island" similar to the literal island-hopping done by the United States during World War II.
	The first target was the computers in the Peninsula High School library. The computers used the Windows 10 operating system, and we had physical access to the computers as well as access to user accounts with limited permissions that were given to every student. DOS commands with limited permissions were accessible, allowing the command prompt (cmd.exe) and Batch script files (though this access to Batch files with limited permissions was not used in the hacking operation). An exploit/vulnerability was discovered where the computer was able to be booted in a different operating system from a portable USB flashdrive. The operating system can edit the file directory of the Windows operating system. The operating system chosen was Arch Linux. A bootable flashdrive of Arch Linux is to be created, along with the core-program executable file for the Windows 10 operating system. Arch Linux will be configured to automatically boot up and execute a script that copies the core-program executable file to the startup directory of the Windows 10 operating system (located at C:\ProgramData\Microsoft\Windows\Start Menu\Programs\StartUp). Since the core program is in the startup directory of the Windows operating system, it will be ran whenever the operating system starts up, with the system/admin permissions level. This propagation vector should work for computers with many different operating systems where we can boot the computer in a different operating system, making it a very valuable and strong propagation vector.

	Powershell was determined to be the best of the three main scripting formats for the Windows operating system. The three main formats, listed from oldest/worst/weakest to newest/best/strongest, are Batch (.bat file-extension), VBScript (.vbs file-extension), and Powershell (.ps1 file-extension).
	The procedure for setting up and configuring the Arch-Linux OS boot is as follows: [Procedure, as well as what everything is doing and why it was done].
	[Talking about how the ]
	All files used in the hacking operation are viewable packaged with this document, and are referenced within this document when they are pertinent.
